Integrate dejavu as an ES UI into dev workflow (#2790)
alephdata/aleph: docs/src/pages/developers/installation.mdx

To build the image you can run `make build`, which will build the `alephdata/aleph` image (this will generate a production ready image).

### Inspecting ElasticSearch

> At times it can be useful to inspect the contents of the ElasticSearch indices. The developer setup includes [dejavu](https://github.com/appbaseio/dejavu/stargazers), a web-based UI for ElasticSearch. In a local environment brought up as described above you should see dejavu under [http://localhost:1358](http://localhost:1358). You will need to pass it the local ES cluster URL (`http://localhost:19200`) and you can either inspect an individual index or use `*` to see the whole content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At times it can be useful to inspect the contents of the ElasticSearch indices. The developer setup includes [dejavu](https://github.com/appbaseio/dejavu/stargazers), a web-based UI for ElasticSearch. In a local environment brought up as described above you should see dejavu under [http://localhost:1358](http://localhost:1358).

You will need to pass it the local ES cluster URL (`http://localhost:19200`). You can either inspect an individual index or use `*` to see the whole content. Index names for entity indices follow the pattern `aleph-entity-{{SCHEMA_NAME}}-{{VERSION}}`. For example, the index name for `LegalEntity` entities is `aleph-entity-legalentity-v1`.
```

Reviewer: Oh, and this is probably a copy/paste mistake, but I think the GitHub URL to repo should probably the repo home page, not the stargazers page :)

Author: Ugh it is, good catch. Thanks!
